fix: correct display of the error in case of change `authenticatorHeader` (#442)
codeigniter4/shield: docs/guides/mobile_apps.md

```

When making all future requests to the API, the mobile client should return the raw token in the `Authorization` header as a `Bearer` token.

> **Note**
>

> > By default, `$authenticatorHeader['tokens']` is set to `Authorization`. You can change this value by setting the `$authenticatorHeader['tokens']` value in the `Auth.php` config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, `$authenticatorHeader['tokens']` is set to `Authorization`. You can change the header name by setting the `$authenticatorHeader['tokens']` value in the `Auth.php` config file.
```

>

> > e.g. if `$authenticatorHeader['tokens']` is set to `PersonalAccessCodes`. the mobile client should return the raw token in the `PersonalAccessCodes` header as a `Bearer` token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> e.g. if `$authenticatorHeader['tokens']` is set to `PersonalAccessCodes` then the mobile client should return the raw token in the `PersonalAccessCodes` header as a `Bearer` token.
```
